1st rule always keep Developer Console (F12)

Preserve log - it saves the logs printed by the application when the page is reloaded.


The server and the web browser communicate with each other using the HTTP protocol. 
The Network tab shows how the browser and the server communicate.

The HTTP GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. 
Requests using GET should only be used to request data (they shouldn't include data).

Status codes:
1xx informational response – the request was received, continuing process
2xx successful – the request was successfully received, understood, and accepted
3xx redirection – further action needs to be taken in order to complete the request
4xx client error – the request contains bad syntax or cannot be fulfilled
5xx server error – the server failed to fulfil an apparently valid request

More on: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes

A callback function is a function passed into another function as an argument, 
which is then invoked inside the outer function to complete some kind of routine or action.


Event handler functions are called callback functions. 

The Document Object Model (DOM) is a cross-platform and language-independent interface 
that treats an XML or HTML document as a tree structure wherein each node is an object 
representing a part of the document.

A document is a document node.
All HTML elements are element nodes.
All HTML attributes are attribute nodes.
Text inserted into HTML elements are text nodes.
Comments are comment nodes.

JavaScript code uses the id to find the element.

The HTTP POST method sends data to the server. 
The type of the body of the request is indicated by the Content-Type header.

The difference between PUT and POST is that PUT is idempotent: calling it once or several 
times successively has the same effect (that is no side effect), where successive identical POST may have additional effects,
like passing an order several times.

AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) is a term introduced in February 2005 on the back of advancements in browser technology 
to describe a new revolutionary approach that enabled the fetching of content to web pages using JavaScript included within the HTML,
 without the need to rerender the page.

Nowadays AJAX is not acceptable since it does not follow with REST

REST is an architectural style, SOAP is a protocol.

REVIEW:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer#Applied_to_web_services
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application


SPA-style websites means we are manipulating a single HTML instead of fetching multiple from the server.

The data is sent to the server with form submit, and the server instructs the browser to reload the Notes page with a redirect.